Add UseIfEmptyOrIfBlank rule (#3186)
detekt/detekt: docs/pages/documentation/style.md

emptySet()
```

### UseIfEmptyOrIfBlank

> This rule inspects 'isEmpty' or 'isBlank' calls to assign default value. They can be replaced with 'ifEmpty' or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule inspects `isEmpty` or `isBlank` calls to assign a default value. They can be replaced with 'ifEmpty' or
```

Author: 898739c
